Oh, I happen to be missing a spray control girl.
The queen of Japan is just right for this position
How dare you
Dare to insult our queen
You are humiliating yourself by challenging the big fish
I'm just fulfilling you
What a self-inspiring and beautiful drama
Don't push
Just say dare
Why not?
Okay, I'll see you in contempt after three days
It's a deal.
Prime Minister, you immediately organize courtiers to fight
Well, Your Majesty, what does this mean?
I accept the Japanese war letter
It's impossible to play and despise it yourself
Prime Minister, you are the ruler of my Forbidden City
Rule the world
This little thing should not be difficult for the prime minister
Uh, is the Red Army really stupid or fake stupid?
He's going to throw the blame for the book on Li Si
obey the decree
Okay, so happily decided, captain
Is the emperor tricking you?
If you lose
I'll let you carry the responsibility of my brother
Brother, if you win
This is the emperor's mad sword
How could he be a fool?
Have this wisdom
Xiaguan thinks
The impression of the lost king is usually just greedy for good looks
OK
Su Hai, go find a few craftsmen
Make something on this drawing for me, hum
Yes, Your Majesty